all right what's up that's Brock AKA
Brock strap big thanks to t fly for that
one he is one of my go-to guys for
monikers so can't thank him enough but
his link is in the description and just
decided this is gonna be my final modern
warfare 3 gameplay' at least for a
little bit probably till I get
frustrated with black ops and then who
knows off micro one throw one of these
in but modern warfare 3 is dead so
hopefully you do large this video but I
just kind of thought I would give a kind
of a final thoughts type of deal and I
know my last video was like my favorite
things which is like Oprah's gimmick and
then so to go from that to final
thoughts which is like Jerry Springer's
thing it's kind of cheesy I promise I'm
not doing like a daytime talk show theme
or anything like that just kind of
happened now but anyway Oprah I'm I'm
tight with Oprah so it's cool you know
whatever here's a picture of me and
Oprah together actually so she's so nice
I can't believe it you wouldn't she's
everything that you think she'd be she's
fabulous but anyway yes that is me by
the way in case you're wondering I do
post pictures of me on Twitter every
once in a while so I'm not like trying
to keep my identity a secret or anything
like that but anyway final thoughts on
10 warfare 3 mostly positive if I had to
give it a grade I'd give it like a bee
i'd say somewhere around there so not
extraordinary but also not horrible at
the same time just kind of there you
know average but i was fortunate enough
to have a lot of good company when I
would play the game which would cut down
on frustration a lot I know there's a
lot of people out there that just cursed
modern warfare 3 and things like that
and there are times where I would get
frustrated but call of duty doesn't have
like a grasp on my life like it does
some other people I would just go play
other games like for instance I'm
playing a lot of borderlands 2 right now
so actually I'm kind of used to the
screen looking more like this but I just
was lucky enough I don't know if I got
frustrated I wouldn't play it it's
simple enough but the company that I
would have a lot of the time would make
a huge difference so that was good we
just do a lot of shenanigans and things
like that I swear to god I'll
pistol-whip the next guy that says
shenanigans and that makes a huge
difference because you can just kind of
laugh it off with people if something
happens but anyway for me the biggest
thing that I look for in a game is just
how it plays and maps are a huge part of
how a game plays and I wasn't crazy
about mono warfare 3 maps this map is a
good one in my opinion it has good
colors and the spawns are decent and it
plays well but there was just so many
that we're awful i mean like outpost and
downturn where everything is just so
bland like the colors are all the same
and it's just awful to look at just
their eye sores there are just so many
different maps like that like i would
play hanoi over those maps so that's how
much I hated them and then you get the
just the horrendous spawns and things
like that which would make the game
frustrating so that was pretty much
modern warfare 3 s downfall in my
opinion and then there's also the whole
weapons thing that FM cheese the type 95
s the striker some people would argue
mp7 and AC are those ones didn't bother
me a ton just they were definitely like
laser guns but
and then you get the whole like infinity
we're trying to balance them and like
the m-16 which goes from being like the
worst gun in the game to just being
exactly like the type 95 that was kind
of frustrating but kind of the other
thing was just the support not the
people running support but the support
the Infinity Ward gave us or I guess
lack thereof like you think of when
Robert bowling was still around they'd
have liked videos announcing the new
maps and things like that with that cop
from the hangover you know the guy yeah
that guy and then once Robert Bowling
left they just they wouldn't even tell
us when maps are coming out they were
just all of a sudden have them available
to download it's just kind of like
surprise motherfucker so that was
frustrating the the support definitely
just faded as soon as Robert Bowling
left but then there's just the different
things that the community would do that
made the game unenjoyable you got the
recon spamming and people running
support which i didn't extremely care
for it didn't bother me that much though
the whole moab standard was kind of
annoying i think a lot of channels
suffered just because they didn't post
Moab's that i just it sucks when there
becomes like a benchmark of what defines
a good gameplay and it it's not there's
so many good game place where mo halves
aren't involved but it that was one
thing that I I don't know I'm on the
fence on I don't really care about
Moab's that much luckily they're fun to
get but people do pretty cheap things to
get them so that makes things
frustrating
then just spreads throughout the
community but overall I was ok with
modern warfare 3 and it's it is what it
is but that's all I have really
appreciate you watching oh and stick
around for the end of this there's a guy
that gets a little mad at the team and
it's kind of funny but that's it thanks
for being on this crazy rollercoaster
ride they called modern warfare 3 with
me love you bye beyond il sangue t0
ridiculous
excuse me kids Jacob Jacob he's kicked
lessons kid go for tea and oh but that's
ridiculous how bad are you